The objects that I made in blender were imported to unreal by first creating a blank game project then through the content drawer, i then exported the blender file as a .fbx file ensuring the animations in the scene were also baked. I then dragged and dropped the blend file into it and the objects were imported into unreal. I then highlighted the objects that i want to be in the scene and dragged it from the content drawer to the scene.

**Issues:**
Issues that came up were mostly in the textures and also the camera animation flythrough of the scene. For the textures, i baked all the textures i used in blender to then be able to import them into unreal, where then i used image texture on the new materials i created to use the imported textures i baked in Blender. Another issue was that some of the animations did not import correctly from blender and as such i made them instead in unreal. Also there was an issue with the camera movement and attachment to the ship, that it would either not attach or be in a different place, i found that keyframing the start and end of the camera attachment to the ship solved this issue.

**Animations:**
For the animations in unreal, for the camera flythrough and set up, i used the cineCameraActor and set it all up around the scene, then through a level sequencer, and camera cutshots within the level sequencer, i tracked the cameras and what camera should show what next. For any camera movement, i keyframed the transformation of the cameras that are moving. For the ship animation, i used the ship skeleton i imported from blender and put it in the level sequencer and then using keyframes on the transformation of the ship object and placed it around keyframing it to make sure that the animation flowed smoothly. Then i attached a camera onto the ship to create another perspective of the scene camera flythrough. Finally for the windmill animation, I made the animation in blender and exported and baked it, then using the level sequencer and importing the animation, i was able to add the animation easily.


